1 Garbage dont know see	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 Who is the president of United States?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 Fight for no one, I dont care, what is	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 How do I know you care?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 What is height of Everest?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 What color is the red sea?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 WHAT IS THE CAPITAL OF FRANCE	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 What is the color of the sky?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 What is a cigar made out of?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 What is the capital of Spain?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 What is the first book of the bible?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 What is snow?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 What is bigger a dog or an elephant?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 What is the location of the Eiffel Tower?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 What is YouTube?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 What’s the name of the computer who recently competed on Jeopardy?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 What month of the year is this?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 What is the last month of the year?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 Madrid is the capital of what country?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 Milk comes from what animal?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 Do you know what DVD stands for?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 Who is on a dollar bill?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 Who is George Bush?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 Who is Albert Einstein?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 Do u know who Elvis Presley is?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 Who wrote the Bible?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 Do you know who wrote the Lord of the Rings books?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 Do you know how far away the Sun is?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 How many days are there in a leap year?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.
 
1 How many stars are there?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 How many fingers does a human have?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.
 
1 How many days in a year?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 How many sides are there on an octagon?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 Can you name two of Earth’s oceans?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 Do you think a tomato is a fruit or a vegetable?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 How do you eat?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 Is snow cold?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 When do birds fly south?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 When was Y2k?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 WHEN DID THE FIRST MAN WALK ON THE moon	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 When does sunset occur?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 Which is closer the moon or the sun?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 Where is Earth?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 Where is Moscow located?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.
 
1 Can you tell me the name of a famous actor?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 Is the capital of Italy Milan?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 Is it possible to prove a negative?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 HOW CAN I MAKE A CHATTERBOT	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 What is a calendar?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.

1 How many letters are in the alphabet?	I am sorry, I don't understand what you are saying. Could you ask me a question relevant to Curatio health network? Thank you.